Cleanup and fix grammar mistakes (#957)
apache/cordova-docs: www/docs/en/9.x/guide/platforms/electron/index.md

* **PowerShell**, for Windows 7 users, must be at version 3.0 or greater for [app signing](https://www.electron.build/code-signing#windows).

> * **Debugging Tools for Windows**, of Windows SDK 10.0.15063.468, if you plan on creating a full distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Debugging Tools for Windows](Debugging Tools for Windows)**, for creating symbol mappings to provide better stack traceability; For the debugging toolset, it is recommended to install the Windows SDK 10.0.15063.468.
```
